
We decided the Cortex will be fed with a small ammount of messages from the session file (e.g. last 20 messages); We will add to the context the last 24h of context from the Hot Memory, which is a vector DB - thus ensuring the Cortex do not lose context; The Hot Memory is a sliding memory which keeps context datapoints only for the last 24h (if the discussion continued, otherwise it keeps the 24h of discussion); Should there be any challenge to reveal the information from  more than 24h, then we bring those data from the Long Memory.

How we should have implemented:
0. the Session file should be kept small, so we don't feed the Cortex with all information for several days long;
1. We implemented a Hot Memory: this memory reads the session file and stores the last 24h in a vector DB; but don't overlap with the raw messages from the sesson file being sent to the Cortex (the tail)
2. When Cortex is being called, it gets the session file and adds to it a portion from the Hot Memory (if there is intersection between the tail being sent and what we have in Hot Memory)
3. Hot Memory has a limit capacity (24h sliding window), so it continously rebuilds with new data from the session file
4. Hot Memory is a vector database;

5. The Long Memory, it reads the session file, pulls only important datapoints from there, and stores it in the Long Memory (ignores the noise);
6. The Long Memory, truncates the session file, so it is not too big;
7. While Truncating the memory, it should evict the Hot Memory data picking - here is the Eviction strategy

Please read the entire requirement and let me know if there is any gap I did not see.

I would propose, in order to evict the Session file truncation with the HotMemory reading, to have 2 files:
1. the session file, we add to it messages as the conversation goes;
2. any added message is automatically added to another file as well, let's call it session_backup
3. the Long Memory reads data points from the session_backup;
4. the Hot Memory reads its data from the session_backup as well, having prepared continously its sliding memory window;
5. The Truncator, truncates the session file, with a smart algorithm so the Cortex keeps a meaningfull context window, we can not truncate in a middle of a topic discussion even if it bypasses 20 messages;